# My Immortal ovvero la peggior fanfiction su Harry Potter mai scritta

My Immortal è una fanfiction basata sull'universo di Harry Potter che è stata pubblicata su Fanfiction.net tra il 2006 ed il 2007. Le tematiche sono più convolute di un polipo sotto cocaina e le digressioni narrative sparse peggio della merda durante una diarrea a spruzzo. Protagonista è una ragazza vampira non-can chiamata "Ebony Darkness Dementia Raven Way" e la storia è incentrata sulla sua relazione con i personaggi della serie di Harry Potter - in particolare la sua relazione con Draco Malfoy, che culmina nel suo viaggio indietro nel tempo per sconfiggere Vlodemort (oh si, e questo è solo il primo). Insieme, Ebony e Draco combattono contro i loro nemici, tra cui il Professore Snape e Harry Potter, mentre si scontrano con i loro sentimenti e i loro problemi di grammatica.

Benvenuti su Nightdoomer, questa sera scopriremo la peggior fanfiction su Harry Potter mai scritta.

> Sigla

The protagonist of the story is Enoby Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way, a seventeen-year-old vampire who attends Hogwarts (located in England instead of the original books' Scotland) as a member of Slytherin House. Hogwarts is depicted as being divided between two cliques, the "goffs" and the preps. Ebony and all the sympathetic characters are part of the goth clique while the members of the prep clique are portrayed unsympathetically. Many of the main characters of Harry Potter are given "goffik" makeovers which are so extensive that they bear little similarity to their original characterization. Harry, for example, has transfigured his iconic lightning bolt scar into a pentagram, moved to the Slytherin House, and now goes by the name "Vampire" because he "love[s] the taste of human blood". Similarly, Hermione Granger has changed her name to "B'loody Mary Smith" and lives as a goth vampire Satanist in Slytherin as well. It appears that Ebony and her classmates are depicted as attending Hogwarts in the mid-2000s, instead of the 1990s when the Harry Potter series is canonically set. This can be judged by the repeated references to scene and emo culture, which were experiencing a sharp rise in popularity at the time.

The story begins by focusing on Ebony entering a relationship with Draco Malfoy, who is depicted as shy, sensitive and, inexplicably, bisexual. Draco invites Ebony to a Good Charlotte concert in Hogsmeade. She agrees, and the two fly to Hogsmeade together in Draco's black flying Mercedes-Benz. After the concert, they do not return to the castle. The two instead have intercourse in the Forbidden Forest. They are discovered by Hogwarts' headmaster Albus Dumbledore (referred to in places as "Albert Dumblydore" and a variety of other names), who yells at them and derides them as "motherfukers" [sic]. In a subsequent author's note, it is explained this outburst occurred because Dumbledore was suffering from a headache.

Later, Ebony confronts Harry "Vampire" Potter in front of Severus Snape's class (variously called "Snap", "Snope", "Snoop", or "Snipe") as well as an entirely-naked Draco. She learns that Draco used to date Vampire. Ebony becomes so angry at this perceived betrayal, despite identifying as bisexual herself and professing a sexual attraction to 'sensitive bi guyz', that she runs crying into the Forbidden Forest, where she is approached by Lord Voldemort. Voldemort, speaking in faux-archaic English for reasons left unexplained, gives her a gun and demands that she kill Vampire. Voldemort threatens her, saying that he will kill Draco unless she kills Vampire, but she refuses. When Draco later learns of this encounter, he is so angry that Ebony kept it from him that he kills himself by slitting his wrists.

In a subsequent scene, however, Vampire has a vision of Draco being held prisoner by Voldemort.[note 3] After rescuing Draco from Voldemort, Ebony and her friends attend a My Chemical Romance concert in Hogsmeade. After some songs have been played, the concert ends abruptly when the members of My Chemical Romance reveal themselves to be Voldemort and his Death Dealers. Voldemort, who had been disguised as lead vocalist Gerard Way, proclaims his intent to kill Ebony and Draco for the former's failure to kill Vampire, but they are saved by Dumbledore, who had just given himself a gothic makeover. The next day, Dumbledore gives a gothic makeover to the Hogwarts Great Hall as well, but Ebony feels that he is a poser and dislikes him greatly, a sentiment shared by her friends.

During this time, "Lucian Malfoy" and "Serious Blak" are inexplicably shot by a gun-toting "black guy" (likely meant to be Blade given the vampire themes). There is also a secondary plot point in which Professor Trelawney ("Trevolry") / Professor Sinistra ("Sinister", "Sinatra"), combined into one character, has an addiction to what is presumably the truth serum Veritaserum – named Voldemortserum in the story. A third plot point sees Professor McGonagall (often referred to as "McGoogle" or "McGoggles") and Snape attempting to rape or harm the protagonists. Yet another plot point follows Remus Lupin and Snape being bisexuals who spy on Ebony, at one point resulting in a moment shortly after Draco's "death" where they are sitting on their broomsticks with "Loopin masticating [sic]" to Ebony bathing, to which she responds with shooting them "a gazillion times" with a gun Draco had gifted to her off-page. In another instance, they have sex in the Great Hall with Dobby watching. In addition, Hagrid is inexplicably a teenage Hogwarts student who has a crush on Ebony, his bandmate in their gothic metal band Bloody Gothic Rose 666, and who is also a Satanist.

Ebony begins having mysterious visions, about which she confronts "Professor Sinister". After gazing into a black crystal ball, she is told she must travel back in "tim" (using a pensieve) to stop Tom Riddle from becoming Voldemort by seducing him, and to retrieve a cure for Sinister/Trevolry's addiction. Arriving in the past, she meets the young Riddle, who calls himself "Satan", and who has been mistakenly referred to as "Tom Bombodil", "Tom Anderson", and "Stan". Satan is in a band with James Potter, Severus Snape, Sirius Black, and Lucius Malfoy. He is uncanonically depicted attending Hogwarts at the same time as the Marauders in what is further uncanonically portrayed as the 1980s. The author points out a few anachronisms in these scenes, telling readers to ignore them. There is also an unexplained cameo by a gothic Marty McFly, who gives Ebony a black DeLorean time machine able to transform into an iPod, allowing her to travel forward in time.

Eventually, Ebony brings Satan forward in time, where he morphs into the present-day Voldemort. This leads to a confrontation between the forces of good and evil in the Great Hall, in which professor Snape threatens to rape Draco if Ebony does not stab Vampire. The story ends ambiguously with a shootout between Snape and Draco, Snape summoning Voldemort, and Ebony firing off an Avada Kedavra curse, which is misrepresented as "abra kedabra".

My Immortal is popularly regarded as one of the worst works of fan fiction ever written, and Memes don’t need authors or concrete evidence to flourish, so “My Immortal” lives on. 

There are still plenty of people from the fandom world who embrace “My Immortal” in all of its baffling wonder. For me it’s a source of nostalgia for a different era of online fandom. Until Fifty Shades blew up, fic seemed like a bunch of nerds, not a bunch of moms, I’m happy with fic being viewed as stuff like ‘My Immortal’ rather than a bunch of middle-aged women who read Twilight and try to write sex scenes.

And it still inspires people to do creative work. The most notable example is (My) Immortal: The Web Series, a collection of 15 filmed episodes inspired by the infamous story. These aren’t derisive dramatic readings — they’re original scripts based on the ridiculous characters and logic of “My Immortal,” right down to referring to many of the characters by their misspelled names.

It’s so beloved that its fans have even created fanfiction and dozens of pieces of fan art based specifically on the series. That means there are people creating fanfiction about fanfiction inspired by fanfiction that may or may not have been a parody of fanfiction. It’s a strange world.

Either way, “My Immortal” retains its magic. It’s forever elusive, hopelessly convoluted, and constantly discussed. If we were ever to be certain about the story’s authorship and intent, it would it lose its allure. Like the Jack the Ripper murders or the Roswell crash, “My Immortal” stirs something primal for a world with seemingly limitless access to information: It’s a secret that, against all odds, stays a secret.
